[MUSIC]
Within python, every single script that we
create is going to be a module.
Which means it can be imported into any
other file
[COUGH], and an obvious purpose for this
would be, when I
mentioned earlier, with object orientated
programming, when you're
extending something, you might want to
have each one in a different file.
Each class in a different file, and that
will allow you to do that.
The method I'm going to show you right now
is
just going to, not really do anything as
such, but
it will allow us, allow me to demonstrate
to you
how a mojo can be imported from what
you've created.
So, I got to files up here, one call
mojo.py, and one call save .py.
In save, we are not going to create
a class, we are just gonna create a
definition.
And this is just going to have a method
called hello.
And then that's just going to return, a
string hello.
So, it doesn't do anything of any
importance, of any value,
but it allows me to demonstrate to you how
to work this.
And then if you do input, say, and if I
did a
print say dot, and you can see here that
we get the list,
of all of the available items showing.
So if I do say.hello, and run that, you
get hello outputted and that is
now importing the script say, into this
file now.
So that is how a module can be created and
used, and you
can have as many methods, you can have as
many variables as you want.
So I can do x equal to ten, and if I
choose this
over here, to say .x, and run that, we get
a value ten.
So, all of the attributes in which we have
accessible within our python script.
And we can access once we've imported that
script.
So, thank you for watching.
[MUSIC]